### SML
SML (Super Music Llliance) is the world's first music entertainment NFT project, jointly established by the global crypto world technology team, music artists and game creators. SML uses NFT to transform the intangible value of music, artists and music lovers in real life into a unique asset in the crypto world. Cryptographic assets in the SML ecosystem are constantly decreasing under the destruction mechanism of application scenarios, and these crypto assets will generate huge commercial value.

SML is not only an NFT game, but also a pioneer in NFT expansion of Metaverse music. The concept of Metaverse, a science-fiction successor to the Internet, refers to the 'ultimate form' of the web. It describes a world in which people interact with software as avatars in three-dimensional space. SML has been entangled with Metaverse since its inception. Users in SML are not just passive players, but can play, create, and trade on their own terms, just like in real life.

After the outbreak of novel coronavirus, music artists and the industry chain of traditional music have been greatly affected. However, the rapid development of NFT music market has bred huge business opportunities. SML Music Metaverse integrates elements such as music, DEFI, cards, and Monopoly, and collaborates with many music artists and traditional music entertainment industry chains to create a complete Metaverse music scene, providing opportunities for extensive digital entertainment, social connections, and business development.
